[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Now we have to go over
to client app.jsx and make that work.
Any questions with this before I move on?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Here
we're gonna have to pull it in,
so that's the first thing.
Const Layout = require a /Layout.
>> Brian Holt: And, so
here's kind of the tricky part
of what we're gonna do here.
It should do it correctly.
Yeah, we'll pull it in the sec, okay?
So, this is what's gonna
be called a nested route,
right?
>> Brian Holt: As you might expect,
we're gonna have a route.
>> Brian Holt: Let's just do it this way.
Path=, and it's gonna be the same
as the slash above it, right?
I'll kind of explain that here in a sec,
and the component is going to be equal to
layout, okay?
And then,
we're gonna indent these two ones,
and this is going to be so
you can have this one on the outside.
So, these two having the same
path doesn't make any sense, but
the same time we want /always
to go to running, right?
We kind of have this weird
problem where you have these two
routes betting the same place that wanna
use the same layout, so what we're
gonna do about that is we're going to make
this from what's called an index route.
So, we have to pull in one more
thing up here from React Router and
that's index route.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
now wanna change this router here,
the nested one to be an index route and
get rid of the path.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let me, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: Can we just wrap the router
and landing component?
>> Brian Holt: The answer
is that would probably work.
Router expects to be the top
level component of your app fish.
[LAUGH] Because of that we're going to
actually not make that the case when we
started into Redox.
But, for the most part,
you don't want to wrap router in UI code,
that's more what I'm getting at here.
The other thing that's nice about this
approach is you can have multiple nested
routes, so say you have different layouts
between different parts of your app,
you can use this wrapped route and
different parts of it.
Okay, so to recap what's happening here,
we have this path, right?
So, this is the top level path,
but if we for example had,
maybe further down or
[INAUDIBLE] have different layers of
nesting,
>> Brian Holt: Like,
the idea of this could be like home,
right?
And then, this would be /home/search, and
this would be /home right here, right?
That's the idea of these
nested routes is you can share
code amongst these next nested parts
of your URL structuring, right?
So, this is actually tied to URL
structuring for good or for bad.
I think it's usually a good thing,
because that makes that your
UI reflects your URL nesting.
That is an opinion that
they enforce upon you,
but some might argue that's it’s
an okay opinion to enforce.
Basically, what this is going
to do is it's going to render
layout because it matches this one first.
Okay, and
then it's going to pass to layout whatever
one matches interior to that one, right?
So, if you go to slash the index route is,
just whatever the path is of its parent,
right, so
you only have one index route per nesting.
That's going to match the parent,
so it's going to have lending
being passed as a child or
as children technically to layout.
Now if you go to /search, right?
It's gonna match this one right because
that's up in the URL structure
that it matches this first, and
then it's gonna match this one's
gonna pass search as the children.
Do we follow?
Does that make sense?
Okay, again, a hard requirement of this,
and one that I've never
tried to get around, but as far as I know
there is not a good way to get around it.
They must share some sort
of the URL structure, and
this big particular case is not very hard
because we're dealing with the slash,
right, and everything matches
slash that comes in your app.
That everything is nested
underneath slash, so go ahead and
say that, and let's come back here looks
like I don't have any essence problems.
So, I should be able to come back
over here to my app here, refresh,
and go to Browse All, and those have
my nice background the background now.
My nice background in the background.
>> Brian Holt: I
think that's pretty cool, right?
And now, if you look again,
if you look at search,
you next book good job, Bryan search.
We don't actually put that app container
around it or anything like that.
Now it just shows up because it's
part of the nested layering than
nested layering of like
the routes that we've done.
Any questions about what's happening here?
Hopefully it's not too much
of black magic to you.
The router is a little bit of black magic,
but hopefully it's not too much.
>> Speaker 3: We should take app
container out of landing, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah we definitely
should.
>> Brian Holt: Definitely should good
point.
>> Brian Holt: If you would look,
inspected that in the DOM you'd
actually see that there's two
App containers in there which is
not necessarily what you want.
>> Brian Holt: So, yeah save that.
I just took out line five and
we've been line ten, I think,
>> Brian Holt: And built okay.
So now, for refresh, go back to
the home page, still works okay.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: There's a question about
using flow type for prop type checking.
How does that work?
>> Brian Holt: Well, it works really well,
I have very little
experience of flow type, but
the basic idea is that you
start with flow type by
letting flow type infer all of your types.
You kind of build it up by saying like,
okay,
this is definitely going to be a boolean.
This is definitely gonna be a string,
and then once you kind of get
that strong typing to your app.
Basically, flow type is able to follow
between different files that type
signatures, and then it's able to say,
hey, this was a boolean in the other file,
and it's not a boolean over here.
So, this is going to be a real problem and
that's kind of the gist here.
I'm not gonna give you much more of the
gist, cuz otherwise I'd be making it up.
[LAUGH] But
that's how a FlowType is gonna do it.
That's how TypeScript's gonna do it.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I don't wanna talk about
types much more than that.
[LAUGH] Good question though,
other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: I guess,
is there any reason to use prop
types if you're using flow?
>> Brian Holt: No, absolutely not.
No, flow type definitely supersedes that.
So from what I'm told, obviously I've
never seen Facebook source code but
they don't have prop types anywhere
because they use flow type everywhere.
And that kind of replaces the need for
proptypes.
>> Speaker 4: And then,
are we gonna review stripping
out the proptype validation for
production code?
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: We are not.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: And then, can you put
the latest up on GitHub again?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, definitely
>> Brian Holt: Checkout -b,
I think tonight I'm gonna home and
read a one line piece of code to do this.
Totally saw this idea from
Hendrick who also did a friend in
Masters one that guy's awesome
like one of my favorite people.
But, to hear the tool called YOLO,
that out didn't just get commit push,
right?
Just right away and so I heard him say,
that is the greatest idea for
workshops in the history of mankind and
so that's why I started doing
the branches based on that idea from him.
Definitely going to watch
this course though.
It's called Modern app development or
something like that, and it's it's A++,
really good.
I don't know why I just
gave an eBay rating, right.
A++, would buy from again.
Okay.
That's the extent of what we're gonna talk
about with React Router at least for
today.
Any of you have any questions about that
before we move on to something else?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Brian Holt: We are.
>> Speaker 5: So, I'm getting
a console error.
Index route does not make sense at the
root of your route config and I can't see
where my codes any different than yours.
>> Brian Holt: I've never seen that
error before.
My guess is that you have a sibling to
this and it needs to be inside of it
>> Brian Holt: So you have a route, right?
The first child inside of
the route is the index route.
So router, route, index route.
>> Speaker 5: Let's copy and
paste your code and see if it fixes it.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH].